Update surrogate model versioning configs and evaluation (#33)
rewiringamerica/surrogate_modeling: scripts/megastock/README.md

   - See the [resstock github repo](https://github.com/NREL/resstock/tree/develop?tab=readme-ov-file), and the [relevant documentation](https://resstock.readthedocs.io/en/latest/basic_tutorial/architecture.html#sampling).
   - Follow their installation instructions -- you'll have to install OpenStudio and the appropriate version of ruby to match what is defined in the resstock repo. They use [rbenv](https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv#readme) to manage ruby versions.
   - generate building metadata csv files using their sampling script

>    - Sampled files using v3.3.0 are currently on GCS at `the-cube/data/processed/sampling_resstock/resstock_v3.3.0`. There are files corresponding to multiple sample sizes including N=10k, 1m, 2m, 5n, 10n, 15m, 20m.

Reviewer: Nit: m for Million
```suggestion
   - Sampled files using v3.3.0 are currently on GCS at `the-cube/data/processed/sampling_resstock/resstock_v3.3.0`. There are files corresponding to multiple sample sizes including N=10k, 1m, 2m, 5m, 10m, 15m, 20m.
```
